# MLH-Fellowship-SampleSubmission

This link is divided into 2 coding samples taken from some personal projects here on GitHub and from other areas not from GitHub.

# Cornell Research
For my current work, I have been working in Jupyter Notebook, where I essentially am trying to different methods to get a computer vision model to detect for some medical imagery at Cornell Medical School. The ultimate goal is to make a realistic VR and AR training program to assist doctors during these types of operations, as the training process is very "trial and error" to learn. This is my current work, but I would say that deep learning in a practical field is more of just utilizing tools and research out there to get something to work. I would say this sample displays more of my research, and how I leverage programming to help solve and explore problems in the lab. There's a research paper published and a poster I have contributed to to help out with a majority of the detection models (still working with them today). There is another team that works on the Unity portion of the project, but I informed them that I don't have the bandwidth during the semester to help you in both aspects. I'm not sure which sample would best fit the application for this fellowship, but there's a lot of cool stuff with this project, but it's not all expressed by my coding sample.

# Client Database Demo
This is a my very first Angular app, where I essentially pitched to a small company to give me a chance on helping them create a client database to store information. This is essentially where I got a taste in using Firebase/Firestore, Angular, HTML/CSS, RxJS, and web development in general. Note that this is a version stripped away from keys and other private information (such as connection to the company's database). This was completely worked on (with many stressful nights) by me. However, this was before my experience at my internship with BMW, where I learned how to be cleaner with my code, learn good coding and development cycle habits, and learn to actually commit with useful and super clean feedback. During this project, I took it upon myself to do whatever it took to impact this company. I have no experience in web dev at all, and so my time was spent on Udemy, StackOverflow, and Slack channels asking for help to piece this together. This sample would describe a hacky project I did to make a different to their company (and a reference can also be provided!).